# Concrete Jungle: Mapping Urban Green Space
## Sam Marshall and Kaylen Rivers

This project seeks to create a publicly accessible web map of green space in urban areas. The longstanding scarcity of green space in urban areas reduces quality of life and increasingly poses a health threat for millions of people, yet in many areas there is a lack of robust, easily accessible information about this issue. [Tree Equity Score](https://treeequityscore.org/) has created an excellent tool that presents information about the distribution of green space for the entire United States, but it is based on private tree cover data and the underlying code is not public. Our goal is to reproduce their analysis to the best of our ability using publicly available NAIP imagery and Google Earth Engine. The results will be presented on a public website and will include a comparison between our results and those of Tree Equity Score.

We are currently focused on implementing this analysis for a small region in southern New Hampshire, but hope to expand this scope to include the rest of New England. The final product will also be dynamic and adaptable to different regions with the right adjustments to the input data, so making our code public could help others implement similar analyses for different areas. By reproducing Tree Equity Score's methodology, we hope to gain some understanding of how robust their methods are and thereby contribute to public understanding of methods for mapping green space.
